add damlc-options to daml.yaml (#2772)
digital-asset/daml: unreleased.rst

  assistant and distributed with the SDK. It can either be launched
  via ``daml json-api`` or via ``daml start``. You can find more information in the
  `README <https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/blob/master/ledger-service/http-json/README.md>`_.

> + [DAML Assistant] The `daml.yaml` syntax now supports an additional key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ [DAML Assistant] The `daml.yaml` file now supports an additional field
```
